We already created some JSP files as admin updates, student update questions and everything, but we
need to create some more JSP files for everything.
So Update Student contains some just feel like JSP files as adequate with a regression.
JSP So let us see how we can create that part.
Also this part also had a question.
Just be here.
Okay.
So let us see.
Student list first.
Which contain.
Student speak.
I will copy this for naming purposes only click new JSP.
Then I'm mentioning the GSP file here.
It.
Before things I already told you about.
There are some default things.
So let me remove this part and let me remove this part also.
One nine.
So it contents.
First add a student GSP.
So let me create one ad student GSP here.
So this is very important.
JSP As you can see.
STUDENT Because it contains all things related.
Adding the student.
Using GSP.
Okay.
So what it contains.
Let's see.
So I'm using the Java as my language.
Or let me change this and.
Hard.
Students.
Okay so this contains this and I enter student details with sponsor's permission is basically this controller
student insert.
So as you can see in the office controller I created student insert method.
So it is the front end of the student insert.
But you can see so this is the front end of that student insert.
If that message to like student is inserted or something, data is not inserted.
I'm printing this message here with this get parameter and output print.
See?
So I already told you I already mentioned the messages here.
Message one is student added message to student is not ready.
So I'm printing this.
We did not edit one edit for this is the frontend for the similar thing.
I'm going to create an instruction method.
Or at instruction GSP.
Again, similar thing.
New Jersey.
So as you can see, we can we are using JSP more than this.
Java, but it's Java only because we are writing Java files inside JSP.
But you can see it's html.
So we are using HTML embedded with java.
So add instruction.
Again, we started with an instruction.
And it's.
Shows.
With instruction insert.
GSP.
And this adding this instruction with text.
You can add instruction here.
Which is open to the instruction list only if submitted for that purpose.
Instruction in that instruction for that.
Or again, I need to create an instruction.
Just be also.
So these all things are similar.
Let me go with this other question.
Just be.
This are adding the question.
So we are done with adding pot, adding GSP pot.
So some things are remaining which contains basically exempt GSP result GSP for the replying the result
and some demo GSP for that purpose.
So let me create one exam GSP for examination fronted.
You speak?
It's him.
In.
Okay.
It is deployed.
We are done with our project now, so let us deploy this for the deploying purpose and deploy it and
try it already.
So let me redeploy it again.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to click Clean and build first.
So we close this part.
So before this, you should always check all the libraries like DC 14 for the database connection.
Sometimes I also made mistake because I never added some files, so it will throw the null pointer exception
error.
So now our will be successful.
Now running our path.
So as.
You can see.
Glass with silver is now deployed with these holdings in milliseconds.
So let us go to the Chrome browser.
And you can see this part is done already.
Now, first, let us go to the login part.
And if I am using route or something here, it will print me the error, basically invalid username
and password.
So for this I know the password, this admin admin.
So this is now our admin panel.
Let me add one student, add or update.
You can go to the back panel and you can check.
Always.
Let me add a student here.
First, let me add name as John.
User IDs j101 password is mentioning simple.
One, two, three, four.
Digital student added, Let me go to the home.
You can add our updated instruction.
Now you can see there is no instruction here.
Let me add one instruction here.
Always be ethical.
Then I want to add one more.
Unser.
All questions.
That isn't.
Now, if I go to add an object student again, you can see this is done.
You can go to object student or you can delete that student also.
And remember, this is starting from zero.
So you can implement it already, but you have to check that all the code.
Now you can see you can always be.
Answer all questions here.
I don't object.
Student Let me add a question here.
First question is.
Java is.
Dot, dot, dot, dot.
Higher level language.
I can add some simple question GSP means.
Let me add Java solid pages.
Just two options, basically.
Java server pages.
Wrong option.
Jake Whitty.
Equity is wages.
The ocean is.
One correct option is we know now, if you would, done.
Why this year in question is not added.
Okay.
So as you can see, we have to mention something here always.
So let me add this part again.
If you go to this and connection is successful, is done.
You can see.
There are too many values inside a school exception.
So I'm getting a school exception.
Let us check that.
First.
What is escalation?
I'm getting serious.
Christians be.
Getting this deal.
Sculpture exhibition at 31 and.
Deacon.
Okay.
Okay, let me.
You knew this because.
Some of the mistake.
Deploying the quisling.
None.
So now we are done with this part.
So.
Let me check first.
Why?
She's doing 31 and we'll keep it.
Okay.
So it is showing me you are providing some more values less than this because.
Seven.
And what we have in question table is only.
Six questions.
So.
We are adding some more extra things.
Questions and food options with correct option because.
Okay.
So let me do this first.
Let me check.
And what is 48?
Let me run this again.
So you may find some errors here also.
Now you can see Christian in Israel.
If you go to the homepage and if you can add an update question, you can see correct answer edition
and going back to the panel.
You can create a single sphere, so.
j10191234 is our password for the student and we going to log out page again.
And then to exit.
So once you exit, I'm going to student page now.
Basically student log in method.
Know what you already know.
j101 password is one, two, three, four.
Let me know in this.
So book a student instruction GSP.
He's not done.
We are remaining with student instruction.
JSP Let me create this as fast as possible.
Student instruction.
JSP We are remaining with one.
JSP As I told you.
Student JSP Instruction.
JSP Because it should show the first student instruction JSP.
Let me check.
It's done.
Those.
Okay.
I will click finish.
I told you like there are some errors while deploying this.
Remember, you have to check each and everything before deploying.
So as I told you, I'm demeaning with this.
First, let me just create this.
This is really simple GSP.
And just check again.
One, two, three, four.
Log in.
Or it is not deployed.
Okay.
As I just created.
Let me redeploy it again our server.
So sometimes it takes time to deploy it.
All things will go fast in this.
So let me go to the student login page.
Do you have?
101.
One, two, three, four is our bass and logging.
Student instructions.
Okay.
The thing is that I made some errors.
Let me remove this first.
Yes.
Why I made some errors is a file name is this.
Let me copy this because I want include this file inside this.
Then.
Let me do this, New Jersey.
This.
Let me remove this part.
So as I told you, you have to always remember to read all files you mentioned.
And let me redeploy my server.
I will click this.
Reload.
Now you can see.
Welcome, John.
Always with our instructions.
If I could start a test here.
You can change or you can see your options also.
And 5450.
Now if I put Java solid pages.
Submit.
Open questions is totally wrong.
Correct answers.
John Usually our result is printing.
So this is all about how we created our pages and student loan.
So this is very simple.
If I go to again.
And if I'm bleeding.
One, two, three, four.
Start this, I'm going to create and starting this query again.
If I put his query pages and wrong answer, this correct answer is zero and it's printing the all things.
So this is a very simple thing.
You can add more and more questions here, but as I told you.